Pachinko intuition and figure (#92)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/plate_notation.tex

The plate notation for our category and author \gls{lda} models can be seen in \autoref{fig:metadata_lda}.

\subsection{Pachinko Allocation}
In order to handle the hierarchical structure of the taxonomy metadata field, we use a hierarchical topic model, namely the \acrfull{pam} from \citet{li2006pachinko}.
Pachinko allocation generalizes \gls{lda}, making it possible to construct topic hierarchies based on any \gls{dag} structure.
\gls{pam} is a topic model focusing on finding topics of different abstraction levels and modeling the connections between these topics.

Each node in the \gls{dag} structure represents a topic in the pachinko allocation model. 
However, unlike \gls{lda} where topics are distributions over words, in \gls{pam} topics are multinomial distributions over words and/or other topics further down the hierarchy of the \gls{dag} structure.
An example of the \gls{dag} structure used in this paper is in \autoref{fig:pachinko_dag} where each level of the \gls{pam} is shown.
The idea behind the \gls{dag} structure is to be able to model correlations between topics and in turn make more coherent topics.
  

> In this paper, we use a layered \gls{pam}, as in \cite{author_topic_2012}, meaning that the \gls{dag} structure is divided into layers where each layer is fully connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this paper, we use a layered \gls{pam}, as in \cite{li2006pachinko}, meaning that the \gls{dag} structure is divided into layers where each layer is fully connected.
```

However, \citet{li2006pachinko} use four layers where we use five to capture more taxonomy fields.

We replicate some layers in our \gls{dag} structure based on the structure from the taxonomy field within our dataset, having some nodes represent a topic based on a specific taxonomy.

> An example of this could be in the second layer, we have "STEDER", and this is connected to "Danmark" in the third layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of this can be seen in \autoref{fig:pachinko_dag}, where we have the node "STEDER", and this is connected to "Danmark" in the third layer.
```

To make the algorithm construct the topics to be based on our taxonomies, we introduce a novel locking mechanism for the Gibbs sampler which we use to run \gls{pam}.
This mechanism is discussed further in \autoref{subsec:mod_pachinko}.

We use a five-level pachinko tree structure, following the format presented by \citet{li2006pachinko}.
The first layer is the root layer which all topics are a part of.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
tror ikke det giver mening at have linjeskift her

\input{figures/dag_structure}

\subsubsection{Modification to Pachinko Allocation}\label{subsec:mod_pachinko}

> Without modification, \gls{pam} will find topics with the same structure as our taxonomy,  but the taxonomy values would be disregarded during training, since it would generate new taxonomy sequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without modification, \gls{pam} will find topics with the same structure as our taxonomy, but the taxonomy values would be disregarded during training since it would generate new taxonomy sequences.
```
